so Netflix be pumping these movies out
like a mother and a TLC show but I mean
when they give you premises like a bunch
of bank robbers go to rob a bank and the
vault ends up being haunted of course
it's gonna be a stream it let me explain
so you got this family that decides to
go in and rob a bank after setting a
fire as a distraction pennsatucky over
here is the first to cause a commotion
to distract people while Clint
Eastwood's daughter is pretending to get
a job
the brothers even come in as
firefighters which i think is super dope
since I believe every good heist movie
needs a good high schoo stoom but after
ladder 49 invades the bank and they only
collect 70 grand they stop popping
people I'll say this I know that
everyone who's in this type of situation
they always want to be a hero but this
dude trying to fight them
this dude trying to run away I mean
these dudes got freaking axes and guns
I might have to help them out make sure
that everything transitions smoothly in
order for me to live and then take a
break from my troubles an account or 2.0
then comes across James Franco and his
mustache who informs them that there is
a secret vault in the basement with six
million dollars they go to check it out
only to realize that they're actually
being manipulated and all of a sudden
the security room footage turns into
five nights at frickin Freddy's my do
down there starts playing luigi's
mansion and VR before getting killed
action bronson is watching the hostages
before he gets attacked by the demons
and then daryl finds his bro torturing
himself I guess I tell him yo that ain't
won't mama man when she said get it
through your head at this point we're
informed that in 1982 for those who were
confused there was a robbery by phantom
of the opera' over here who forced all
of the hostages to reenact the Belko
experiments by the end of it there were
no survivors the robber was never found
and well they just all became ghosts
here's what people forget when you rush
a movie like this right
sometimes your logic don't make sense
like I get that ghosts can mess with
frequencies right so that call that
Franco made back in 82
hence the statue has continues to be
related to this day on the radio because
of mean ghost frequencies but imagine if
ghosts Franco made the call in a lazy
Sunday afternoon when nothing was
happening and then the cops come in guns
blazing on top of that James Franco was
also a hostage in 82 but I guess since
he's got Top Billing he gets to look
human
meanwhile every other innocent civilian
goes crazy I think it's
interesting premise right to have a
haunted bank but you still gotta follow
some rules I mean what's this dude doing
outside of his jurisdiction at the end
of the movie just to get a jump scare he
and in the bank why would the hostages
who this guy killed also be helping him
in the afterlife if he put him there why
does this girl look like that she's an
a-cup girl from Corey in the house at
the end you just realized that you
should never rob a bank because you'll
die by the end of it or worse have to
deal with demons but the biggest lesson
that we learn from this is that even
though Netflix can acquire Seth Rogen
they should acquire some more writers
thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious know your thoughts
down below in the comment section
there's a there's a bunch of Netflix
movies so if there's any ones you want
to recommend let me know down below in
the comment section this was one that
you guys were asking for I'm a man of
the people I listened I liked the movie
even if it don't make any sense
whatsoever even if James Franco was like
literally looking at its script
throughout the movie that's why it was
in one place but we know you guys down
below in the comments section don't
forget to comment like and subscribe and
I'll send someone a free Netflix
subscription why not